[Music]
the seo pan bicov we still have a little left
eh Let's see yesterday we were looking at it
obviously I don't have it But the
question that everyone is waiting for exactly
Who was it specifically that caused
the 30% of that Candle the 7% well it must have
been other people or even maybe
people from their community you know that there
were others from sick forums
doing exactly the same thing but what
caused this huge rise well
30% of that drop was caused by my friend the
Martian let me explain a little bit
because the truth Although I
obviously don't like the guy eh worth it yesterday
we were looking at this and it turns out that
Dallas accuses Martian of having
sold
0000,000 that he would have earned with the
cryptocurrency this not with the token that nothing would
happen because in the end I think that there are
people who have taken out man 300,000
it's a lot of cloth there are many people who have
taken out or rather here in the purchases and in
the sales we have seen that there were people
who were taking out a lot of money it's also
a lot of cloth  especially in a sale I doubt
very much that anyone in a sale I think
no one but well anyway Marciano
has denied it that Marciano says that no that
he would be within his rights eh that he would be
within his rights Marciano says with
$3000 to withdraw 300,000 and how much did
the currency grow with 3,000 to withdraw 300,000
Oh no, let's see
objectively possible it was I don't remember what
day Marciano came in let's see possible it was
another thing is that he lets you sell it let's see It's that I
don't want to give data of people that
I've seen on Twitter itself I've
seen people putting capture During
the days before the fall I bought
I put in so much and such And such there were people who
had made a
percent or so let's see something else that you
can withdraw that there I already have my doubts
because I think it depends on the liquidity
look right now liquidity there is
279000 it has gone up a little bit of liquidity
ok yesterday but the price has fallen I
mean I don't know if that's a good or bad sign okay
but
Marciano denies it  Okay, let's see, but it
's not impossible. I mean, I'm not saying
that he did it, but it's not impossible. There were
people who
put in 300 bucks and took it out. Well, not that he took it
out, but that he had
marked it. One thing is what he marked and
another thing. You can sell it and I'll give it to
you. Okay, let's see, it's impossible, it wasn't
impossible, it didn't depend on the day he
entered and it seems to me that Marciano
entered several days before the
Dallas video. There is no proof that it
was Marciano. I have no
idea. Well, Marciano has
denied it, I have no idea
what he's based on. You're based on this. He
said it's because he was told so,
because such and such. And because such and such. No, but besides, it's
not. Anyway, it could be
if he wants to, but I don't think that's the
reason for lowering the price. Ah, this is what
you told me about Turbo. How stupid you
are, man. How stupid you are. Are you going to watch Marciano's video? But he has uploaded a video about the subject? Ah, I was going to read the tweets. He has uploaded a video, damn it. Ah, my answer is awesome, bitcoin, host, I [ __ ] on  1036 minutes No no no there No
daddy I already gave you
290,000 how are you going to tell me that to
label it just to put p on the
side you are going to charge me 50,000 more no already
I only give you 10,000 if you
want no no no no no I can't that
too much money I only have 300 1
don't do that to me it's pambi a little broom you
put it on the front no
that's too expensive That's too expensive Hey
what are we going to do give it to me like this 290,000
and I'm going to get other people because we ca
n't that's too much I get
other people I get someone to
put a sticker on it that's too expensive
I know it's a Lambo but no no no no
that has nothing to do with it but for me they
made my Tesla for $4000 how are you
going to charge me say 50,000 and it
's with gold that you are going to write
pambi on it no no no let that go Forget about
that  Good morning friends and
subscribers, gentlemen, Daras just
uploaded a video that I haven't seen
yet because yesterday we finished the
reality show here in Medellin where we
are and I didn't have time, we've been
working a lot, gentlemen, I feel
sleepy, let's watch the
video, gentlemen, and I'm going to react
legally, I'm not going to react, I'm going to
react what? I mean,
react legally, I'm going to
react as if he weren't
making that
accusation against me. Okay, let's see the evidence
that he shows, let's analyze what
he says, it makes no sense, but it's
also recently discovered
who was apparently responsible
for the 30% drop that occurred that same day.
Notice what he says. Who was it apparently,
watch how he speaks, watch the vocabulary that
he says, he's saying. Who was it
apparently, it's not that he's giving it with
certainty, he's protecting himself so
that there isn't any lawsuit or anything.
Who was it apparently, or rather, he's saying, I
think, let's see who was apparently
responsible for the 30% drop, you saw what
he says. Who was it apparently?  I mean he's
blaming me But he says it could be
apparently it seems like it, let's see it's a drop
that there was that same day of the announcement and it's
funny because I just found out about
this literally yesterday and honestly I don't
really blame this person because he just found
out literally yesterday you
did some research you went
deeper you contacted me Let's
see at the end of the day well that's how the
market is But honestly I'm going to be
honest it makes me quite angry that
people keep accusing me of having made a
profit when I haven't made
any kind of profit absolutely
nothing and I put my physical health
mental health my reputation at risk I put my job
aside I don't take a penny I believe all of
that But dasas you're acting in
desperation I don't blame you
why blame me if I haven't done anything
this guy hasn't said anything this
guy trusted in the project in
fact he supported it he made a video he made several
videos supporting the project blaming you
no I don't understand I don't understand why let's
really tell you I should have done it in the
first place because all of this went up
thanks to me thanks to my work
thanks to my community and my thanks to your
name exactly I agree
with you here community it is me who has brought them
together it is me who has created the
best community that has ever existed so
really even the fair thing would have been for
me to take money but since I
'm stupid I said I'm not going to take
anything and in the end not only that it harmed me
leaving me in debt to be able to
pay for the listing as I already showed you in the
live that I did on the main channel
The last one where I showed you all the
things that the different exchanges asked
to be able to list themselves in them totally
absurd some of them asked for $ 70,000
to be able to list you money That
obviously I do not have But the question
that everyone is waiting for exactly Who was it
specifically that caused the 30% of
Hey now who was it specifically you saw
that at the beginning he apparently said Who was it
specifically oh Isabela the 70 because well it
will have been other people or even
maybe people from their community you know that
there were others from sick forums
doing exactly the same thing but what
I did not realize  account in fact 70% must have
been people from his community and other people
caused this huge increase well
30% of that drop was caused by my friend the
Martian let me explain a little bit
because the truth Even though I don't like the guy
Well not as bad as others
but I don't like him because he got full mega
obsessed with me with the Apple thing
because I like Apple and the guy got mega
hyper obsessed with me you know I had a it's
true it's true we're doing well up to
there not that I'm obsessed dasas encouragement
to sell 0000,000 And make the candle
30% heavier no Dallas you
're not talking without knowing brother I'm not
going to attack you look I'm not going to attack
you I want to show you if you give me the
opportunity we can make a
Skype call without recording anything extra and I'll
show you what I bought what I sold
and my portfolio I can show you everything and I attest to you
and I show you that that is my
portfolio to you dasas so that later you
make a video saying it's true we're going to
continue working because I still believe
in the eye project I have seen
worse things and they have returned to Renacer I still
believe in the project I feel that Dallas is
now cornered because he is
receiving many attacks and maybe he can't handle
the pressure and he is looking for
ghosts where there are none no
Dallas it was not me I do not put it in I do not I did
not put so much money into your project
to get
0000,000 I did not put so much money into Dallas
not that wallet I hope that you show
a wallet and that wallet is not my
property it is difficult to show because it is
difficult You show that they do not exist but
a wallet of 300,000 bucks has come out
man a wallet of 300,000 bucks
unicorns it is difficult to show that okay
Because I would have to go to all
parts of the planet with a camera
recording to show that unicorns do not exist
So if it is you who
is saying that that wallet is mine
let's see when you show it you
would have to show in a video of mine the
connection so that my wallet can be seen and
that sale can be seen let's see let's see
because despite everything I feel that you will give him he  he didn't
make any mistakes but I feel like
he's not malicious because someone who is
malicious isn't giving so many
explanations I give the fall and I
disappear and now yes but I see it
I see it what I see is that he is being a
victim of his
ignorance and desperation
okay Because let
's go let's continue from what It should have
been and you will say how does Dallas know this
information Well apparently
he told a certain person or
certain people in plal that then these
people end up getting the
information to me in the end because this
always happens within the subject of
influencers again
not Miami confirmed it to me Oh my God
apparently he told certain
people and that person told
me 30000000 pesos dasas pesos let's see
verify it You have to take out a
calculator and do mathematical calculations
you will give a chetco I do not put more than
5000 to anyone it could be the chatcoin
of Jesus Christ the Catholic Church aunt
but you put 5000 turkeys in that at that
time of those days  Let's see at least
Marcelo eh, one thing is what it
marks for you. I don't understand this very well, I don't
know what would
happen. I mean, if it
marks such a large amount for you, okay,
imagine if it marks such a large amount for you,
right? Hey, look at what
you invested right now, it's worth 300,000, okay,
if you, yes, it marks 300,000 for you, but there is
600,000 in liquidity. My question is, can you withdraw it all at
once because I understand that if it
marks, for example, the Dallas figure, 5
million, but there is 1 million in liquidity, I do
n't remember how much I got to have,
700,000, we said around there. I understand that you don't
withdraw it all, but for example, if it
marks 300,000 for you and there is 600 in liquidity,
if you press the button, you withdraw it all, it lets you withdraw it all at
once, since the liquidity is
so close, I mean, it lets you withdraw it, no, you
press boom and all at once it sells in the same
minute, okay, it doesn't let you, it's not  a lot
no I mean it has to be a
really big cryptocurrency not for you to let it be taken out
no for me to make one it has to be clear there has to be
so much demand no meme co
I don't luar I have a problem dude
Wait I'm going to ask you to see if you
know about this problem dude let's see if you
can fix it for me because I'm here a
bit with my head somewhere else let's
see if luar knows how to solve it for me what he
knows about everything I'm not going to put more than
5000 and you know how much I have to
put into your currency to get
0000,000 at the moment that I found out about
the currency It's that I think that I think that at the
moment that he found out about the
currency it seems to me that the first
night we talked about pambi the
Martian already released his video not that we
released it here I don't know we should see it
but I think we're going to talk about
math but what he's saying
because someone told me He told me that I told him they
said the one who told you
Maybe it was the person who withdrew that
amount of money because I think Dallas
that someone on your team is the one  he's
making you do this kind of things it's
not me d I'm not on your team I did
n't know when the
coin was going to be listed I was drunk I was drunk
drinking some tequilas at
3 in the afternoon in a Villa when they
called me and told me daas is going to
list the coin if you watch the video the
Turbo video and the video of
your coin I I I I was drunk brother
I didn't know I would have known that you
were going to list the coin that day and that
day I won't leave my room
But I didn't know Let's see he said he was
going to put in a good amount What do we
call a good amount how am I going to
put so much money into a coin that
I have nothing to do with Or I have
something to do with Dallas you have a
conversation with me I have a
conversation with someone on your team
someone on your team told me something
show it let's see I can blame him
because it's still his money it's still
the market but it bothers me
deeply that people dedicate themselves to
lying saying that I have faith to
people when I was the only one here who  he
dedicated himself to working like a you are
telling him a reality the fact that I
bought the currency and sold that is not a
crime it is not a crime because that is what the
market is about bitcoin to a ha I
mean there are a lot of people there are a lot of people the
same 100,000 is a lot to put man
100,000 No because if you put 100,000 into
that cryptocurrency I mean right now
someone puts 100,000 into that
cryptocurrency and and sends it and
the moon goes to them eh the price goes up a lot If
someone puts 100,000 bucks we are
talking about a small cryptocurrency a
meme Coin okay but man I don't know I was
counting on Marciano putting in I don't
know 10,000 pavet there were people here who
came to tell us that they put in 100,000 do you
remember but of course it can't be pesos and they
bought 100 100 bitcoin for one peso and
sells it for 70,000 that's good  That's part
of the market buying and selling but I feel like
he's desperate and
instead of me being the accusing hand and coming
to accuse you, I'm going to offer you a hand of
friendship. I have teams that have
information if you want we can talk
but just you and I, you and I, it can't be
with anyone else and if you want we
can talk anymore, no one else and it can't be
in public because you have people
around you who did
this to you, daras no Marciano brother no Wait wait wait wait you
crazy
losing years of life and a lot of
day without any kind of sleep to make
something like this work to benefit
my community basically and accuse
me of having extracted money from the project
that's what happens he's
desperate he's desperate and he's
looking for ghosts where there aren't any
when this youtuber took 300,000
from the project and also the most
critical moment of all he will accuse him of
making a rpol he will accuse him of having
dedicated himself to scamming people because he
was also promoting the picoin
on his channel and he is making tutorials
on how to buy it and all that  No,
obviously they're not going to say anything to him
because even though he made
300,000 in profit, well, at the end of the
day he's not the hated figure and even though I don't like
the guy because of
the attacks he made against me previously,
well, I have to be fair and I'm honest.
That's how the market is, everyone understood the
risks and at the end of the day, it was
his money and money that he decided to
risk to see if it would
work and indeed it
worked a lot for him. Now the only thing I
have for you, who knows that you're watching
this video, is that at least you
thank me, eh, point number one, point
number two, be honest because the
information that I'm saying here is
real, you know that you can show other
wallets and whatever, that's why I can't
show you my wallet because he's going to
say that that's not my wallet, I mean, how
can I prove something to him, I mean, he
wants me to be honest, how
can I prove
something to him that no, no, no, it didn't exist because he already
has that conclusion,
you saw that he started by saying,
apparently a friend told me about a friend
that he told a friend  that he told
another friend I have not told anyone that I
withdrew 300 that amount of money to anyone
in any way, shape, or
circumstance I withdrew
0000,000 someone who told you that what they
want is for you to find other people to
blame so you feel good and so
your community finds a
common enemy but that enemy is not me
you have people that yes you know that they
put money in and they publish it on Twitter I
took so much from them I beat the [ __ ] out of
picin there are people who took a lot of money from them
and got into crypto before me to the
bread bitcoin currency and took a lot of
money from them and if you want we can talk about it and I'll
show you Look at this person but
that is not a crime to buy a
currency when the price is low and
sell it when the price is high That is not
a crime but you
blaming me for something that someone
gave you that Miami confirmed to you without you
having proof, evidence that
could be a crime Dallas because you
are defaming me without proof but
still I am not going to do anything I
simply to me  I would like this
project to become something and I'm
going to tell you the truth I have money
invested in the
project I sold But no, I didn't
take it all out right now I'm at a
loss because I got back in when I
saw it at the prices where I bought it I
got back in and it fell further
down I believe in your damn project
because you attack me if I have
n't attacked you there are people who are
uploading videos where they show
portfolios that are related to you and I
see it and I say Anyway I don't believe you
did it why attack me forget about my
past attacks with Apple that
is Apple that is something else that was
Marciano Tech that was not Marciano
finance they are two different characters
But it would be good sincerely if
you told the truth you told it is true F I
30% of the cause of this drop because it
was approximately a million
dollars in drop that people sold at the
same time around a million
dollars and he sold suddenly to It's that
I didn't hear this yesterday like that man what the
[ __ ] did we see yesterday wait what am I
talking about or mean that I know about the
community It's that
I don't hear this yesterday that they sold one eh that
they sold a million but no they couldn't
sell a million No well 300,000 we all
know that you can pretend to say
no my other wallets my I don't know what my I don't
know how many we all know how that works,
I have this information that has come to me
from people that you trust, you
should not talk to all those people with
this information because in the end it
ends up reaching me that's a lie
dasas that's a lie that's a lie, I don't
I didn't give it to him it's not that I trust
anyone it's that I haven't told him it's not
because it's impossible they sell above
liquidity Uf It's that I'm already
lost there dude It's that I'm already lost there that
nobody that's why I'm
treating the issue this way dude it's
not that I told someone and that
person told you no it's that I haven't
told anyone delos and Marciano
had a debate yes they are enemies, the
same thing I've said here is the same thing
I have in all the conversations
look it up but  at least it would be
great if you explain to people that I
'm not a scammer, that I didn't
set any rules and that on top of that I was
stupid for not taking a single
dollar 100% agree brother friend
brother I do know that it wasn't you and I'm not
putting my hand in the fire for you but
seeing that you're accusing me it's
evidence that it wasn't you you understand
and what you're confused about anyway there's no
attack on you I don't have it I don't have
proof to say that it was you other
youtubers who have the proof let's
sit down let's talk and
prove it Dallas And I
agree with that it wasn't me either Damn
the numbers don't add up Dallas who told you that is you I
don't see it as impossible eh he
will understand more than me but I don't see it as
impossible but not for nothing but because
comparing it with people that I know that did
buy and screenshots that we were seeing
on Twitter and so on okay I think it's not
impossible eh I'm not saying that he
did it because if he denies it then he denies it but I think that
impossible is nothing else but that you
let him get away with it suddenly  seeing that
there I already have my doubts face okay
who told you that is making you do it
is making you look
ridiculous I'm not calling you ridiculous
because I love your debates
I am I have seen a lot of your videos I watch
your videos normally and I feel that
you are a person who in some
points you know a lot and you know how to debate
and I like you have good arguments
but in cryptocurrencies like I was stupid
at the beginning also right now it
touches you that I should never have
done I should have taken money
for this because money is what I have
lacked later to be able to counteract
those drops and always for all the
exchanges you need a lot of
money that obviously you can't count
on if you don't have it and you haven't earned
any of it I think I'm the only
stupid in the history of damn
cryptos who creates a crypto to not
make money I believe him I believe
who We have here that understands
cryptos man who We have here that
understands cryptos very very well I
believe him here now I say I have the I have
I have the right to believe him Okay to
my people who want to see blood because I
have  many who want me to make
a video for Dallas to kill him to
tell him this to show him I believe
Dallas Unfortunately I believe that part that
he hasn't made any money yet I have
n't made my video of what happened
because I'm in Medellin I was
locked up in a Villa for 8 days I
'm a little disconnected if you have
noticed Okay but when I'm back
on my floor we'll see what happened but
for now look worried I think you
have to make a video about this Hey
what Good morning Papo says You
should speak out about that thing
with Dallas show your face Hey hey Even though
you say the same thing you said at the
beginning that
this currency moves through the narrative
all that stuff and that you analyzed that it
is trustworthy and that it was done well
from the beginning that is what you
should do
my editor worried people worried
why Because I am disconnected That
is my editor my my my my editor my
right hand one of my right hands from my
main work group telling me no
You think you have to make a video
let's see it's incredible the level of
stupidity that can be had and despite
that I am the one who
has probably received the most accusations of scammer in
the history of cryptocurrencies in the
Hispanic World on top of it by scum who
as I told you before garbage of
infected characters tremendous cowards
who were dedicated to making Authentic r
pulls stealing all the money from their
audience Like for example the garbage of
that guy who doesn't even show his face
and uses a photo made with AI and
calls himself Trader and I think a couple of
years ago a UFC token that
was not even related in the
least to the UFC Well this That is the
source of turboplane in his day to
accuse delox and now he is doing it for
this he is not talking about
Master Maverick and certainly Master Maverick
is a 100% rat host but
the guy doesn't give a damn it's that
guy has to be in a country where
nobody can identify him or I don't know what
move it is
but the guy defames you for your [ __ ]
face  he fakes the screenshots and that's it
dude and I'm even watching and I'm
even watching what's his name I'm watching a
sarillo I'm even watching news in the
middle of digital media using the
maveri threads I made a video of him and
Master Maverick sirro everyone has the
same opinion no no no no no
these channels are bringing out maveri
with that case and he's hiding his identity and
I'm surprised that there are people who follow
Master mavery because he did scam
people dasas I'm on your side bro I
'm on your side and I don't have I don't have
to attack you and I'm not going to attack you
Simply because you're attacking me
that's how I am and that's how I'm going to continue being let's
see what else basically steal
around 200,000 from his audience
0000,000 Master Maverick stole in bnb
stolen like that stolen proof and evidence and
all garbage from characters who need to
clean their teeth one day one
of these days saying that I scammed the
audience while he was dedicated to
making garbage Like for example making
his followers lose tens of thousands
of  dollars with their recommendations for
investment in bitcoin and lost them
live on top of that this was one of the
funniest things in the world and basically
those that are not me they are dedicated to calling me a
scammer they are the typical sick ones
Within this world they have
called me a scammer for releasing a
video game for releasing books but for
But I have not called you a scammer at
any time in the video where you
are accusing me of not a scam
Because notice that he is not calling me a
scammer dasas he is not calling me
scam because what I supposedly
did is not a scam is buying and selling
a token Notice that in the video where you
are calling me let's say disloyal or
dishonest with my community I am not saying
no I still trust Dallas I
feel that Dallas needs to press a
button and reset the people who have
that around them and continue with the project
my recommendation that I could be
wrong Okay I could be wrong
let's see really for taking out stardeos
that by the way the launch is coming
now I will tell you soon and well
basically they call me a scammer for
absolutely anything at least in the
previous things or I won a little bit
at least I didn't stay in the negative
But with this one on top I've stayed in the
negative because doing things right has
always been honest with you
Even since the first tutorial I made
where I clearly said that the
very first have more chances of
winning and the last can also win
depending exactly on where they enter where they buy and
where they sell Likewise, the
only one I never wanted to harm
in my life is precisely my
community that's why I'm making a
list of the people who are in
losses to include them first
in all the things we do this doesn't
mean that I'm going to let pambi die
or much less the day that I say guys I ca
n't do anything else I'll tell you
but that day hasn't come I'm still
working on this in fact I'll be back in a
little while after this video I have a
meeting that looks very very very good
and as I've already told you I'm not going to
let this fall I'm not going to let this
die obviously I don't control the
market I said it from the damn
beginning it's the market get out he's not
talking about me anymore eh I don't want to make
my video so long  32 minutes but I do
want to at least show here
because I show my wallet they're going to say
that I have other wallets I've been
then I know it's impossible for me to come and
tell him here look this is my wallet
because they're going to say that I have everything
set up he said it himself He makes an
accusation against me based on what someone told him that
I said that they told him an agent
who told him that I said Miami confirmed it to me
extra mega universal without
proof without Show wallet without Show the
[ __ ] show the wallet of my video Look at
the amount that I bought and I would say like
Look at that video This is what he
bought This is what he did you understand
But no he doesn't mu anything he just says it makes
me laugh how the haters have become
experts in the crypto market yes they know
a lot about crypto now everyone man
I'm looking for something that I have
something man but I don't know who to consult
good man total Marciano What does the
wallet show that he took out
300000 Why doesn't it show the wallet that he
took out 300000 and okay Well let's move on to
something else in fact it seems to me that now we have
something else also
no i
[Music]